Add/update Offscreen Documents entries in What's New/Known Issues (#5604)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/whatsnew/index.md

From Chrome 112, the quota for the [`storage.session`](/docs/extensions/reference/storage/#property-session) property has been increased to approximately 10 MB. This was agreed in the Web Extensions Community Group: [https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/350](https://github.com/w3c/webextensions/issues/350)

### Chrome 109: Offscreen documents {: #m109-offscreen-docs}

<p class="color-secondary-text type--caption">Posted on <time>January 25, 2023</time></p>

> Offscreen documents are now available on the stable channel. These provide support for DOM-related features and APIs in Manifest V3. For more information, [read the blog post](/blog/Offscreen-Documents-in-Manifest-v3/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Offscreen documents are now available in extensions. These provide support for DOM-related features and APIs in Manifest V3. For more information, [read the blog post](/blog/Offscreen-Documents-in-Manifest-v3/).
```

Reviewer: Generally, we probably don't need to say channel unless we want to call out a specific channel earlier than stable.

Can you please add something about this helping transition from background pages to service workers, something like what the first line of Ian's article says.
